You set the price.
I bought Qin Fengming, don't be excessive.
Fuck you.
The young man begged you not to hurt Minghu.
Big brother, I like you.
You stand by and watch.
I'll pay a million dollars to your fiancé tonight.
Qin Fengming, this is my fiancee.
10 million bullies, I warn you not to bully too much.
30 million dollars if you refuse again
I'm going to steal it.
Oh right, I seem to have heard that the Li family still owes the Qin family a lot of money, right?
Can you believe it?
I want it now.
Good Good Good Frequency Lack of Atmosphere
This is the smart guy.
Little rain.
We're alone.
Kieu Thu Vu, if you dare to teach this idiot to be born tonight...
I will definitely not forgive you.
If you force me, I will pluck all your hair for you.
Wow.
Hey, beautiful sister.
Give Uncle Ben a laugh.
Hey.
Hey, that's right.